[Music]
we accept waters have always been first
to throw a leg over the saddle in the
name of adventure with 4xf models to
choose from the XF the XF crossed or the
XF cross country and the XF high country
the time has come to ride as you please
wherever you please climb on and Hammer
the throttle in an instant you will
realize there's no limit to what you can
do with a full tank of gas the XF models
are configured with either a 137 inch
track we're a 141 inch track and your
choice of the following engines the
two-stroke 6000 the four-stroke 7000 the
two-stroke 8000 or the turbocharged 9000
here's performance team manager brian
dick to tell us more about the XF models
with the 137 inch track well we've taken
the 129 inch slide action suspension and
we've just stretched it out to fit that
137 inch track but still has that same
suspension characteristics with the
slide action for the good bump
absorption and the excellent cornering
so this sled is built for the
performance driver that wants to
occasionally jump off the trail and do a
little
knocking XF models with the 137 inch
track come in three ride packages lxr
snow pro and limited the LX r's have the
softer suspension setup the snow pros
have a more aggressive stiffer
suspension the XF limited gets the same
snow Pro suspension plus added features
like a storage bag goggle holder and
heated seats on four-stroke models you
also get tunnel flares and the pro cross
front bumper now Mountain team manager
Troy Halverson talks to us about three
XF models with variations of a 141 inch
track well the Crosstour was developed
more for the guys out east and the guys
up and go back there like like to put on
a lot of miles they like the longer
track they like to get off trail a
little bit so with that 141 inch track
they can get off and Boondock a little
bit but really it it it kind of
satisfies that adventure market I mean
we got the taller windshield more
comfort got the mirrors we have this the
rack that comes standard well it's also
nice features it has a steel bumper
that's accepting of the 2-up accessory
seat it's a two-in-one sled you can you
get all the benefits of a touring sled
with that to up seat where you can bring
somebody with you but if you just want
to go solo then you just pop the seat
off and then you got and carry a lot of
stuff you got the big rear storage area
and a lot of opportunities to put more
storage yet if you want or if you want
to carry a can of gas the XF cross
country is more of a guy that like a
swamp runner you know he likes to get
off trail so he's got a deeper lug truck
an inch and a half corporate track which
works very well in the powder it's also
a guy that likes to get back on the
trail from time to time so it's it's a
little more of a really it's a
transition between the XF 137 which is a
lot more trailer and did with the slide
action rear suspension and then you go
to the cross country which is more like
the pearl client with the 141 inch track
inch and a half Cobra as well as he gets
the suspension geometry of the pro climb
sled
the XF cross country also comes as a
limited model the limited model comes
with added features like a storage bag
goggle holder electric start and a
heated seat on four strokes this one
comes with the pro clime front bumper
get a load of the 2015 limited graphics
high country is is almost like an M
series with a 141 inch track because
it's got the the telescoping handle bars
it's got the float career arm shock and
it gets the 2 point 2 5 inch track a
mountain track you know the really cool
thing about that high country is that
there's a lot of guys from the Midwest
that maybe they had some bad snow
conditions so they started making trips
out to Cooke City something that's
within a day's ride they can get up in
the mountains and they can do that you
know maybe once a month but they also
want to ride back home so this sled
actually satisfies that requirement cuz
you can go right in on the trails back
in Wisconsin in Michigan but then you'll
want to get over to the mountains and
you're not limited by the track plug-in
when you got that two and a quarter
tracks even guards everywhere the
mountain guys are going the XF high
country is also available as the limited
model the limited model comes with added
features like a storage bag goggle
holder electric start a heated seat on
four strokes and limited graphics you
also get the pro climb front bumper on
this one the arctic cat accepts from
trail to powder and everything in
between there's an axe F built
specifically for the way you are meant
to ride
[Applause]
[Music]